[Music]
Okay, welcome back. IC Lombard is the
next management as promised on the
program. The stocks higher was high
yesterday after it reported good set of
numbers. Net profits have risen 28% uh
to 747 crore rupees. We're now joined by
Gopal Balchandran, chief financial
officer at ICIC Lombard. Uh thanks very
much u uh Mr. Balachandran good morning
Prashantthia. So the uh if you if you
look at the net earn premium growth that
is in line but if you look at the PAT
growth as I just mentioned uh that is
much higher 28 29% kind of growth is
what we've seen. Could you just briefly
tell us what led to uh this very sharp
move on the bottom line front in the
quarter?
>> Hi Prashant and uh and that's a great
question. I think uh from an IC alomar
standpoint I think we have maintained it
even in our earlier calls uh as a
company what we have tried to do is to
stay focused and be disciplined in terms
of our insurance outcomes and more
importantly also kind of leverage the
investment float that we kind of
generate in our business and put it to
optimal use. uh so the number of 28%
growth that you see I think the markets
have been kind uh in quarter and
therefore to that extent whatever growth
that you see is a combination of both an
improvement in our insurance results
which is largely reflected in the
combined ratios and equally obviously
there has been an improvement in our
overall investment income a combination
of the two is what has led to a growth
in profits of 28% but as we keep saying
I think uh some of these how sustainable
I I think better is to always keep
looking at results more on an annualized
basis. Uh that will be far more
reflective of what you would what one
can expect in so far as a full year
operations are concerned.
>> Mr. Balison and that was exactly my
question because during the quarter
because we get these monthly numbers
right
except I think retail health across all
other segments
you know is Lombard sort of gave up a
little bit of market share. So is this
performance sustainable or do you think
we will eventually see deceleration in
premiums as well as we go through the
rest of F526?
>> Again I think again again this is a
great question if you ask us. I think uh
that again let me just put this in
context. Uh I think let's look at in
terms of where the market is currently
positioned as one is in terms of what is
it that you can exhibit as topline
growth and the second what I said what
is it that one can exhibit in terms of
profitability outcomes. uh if you look
at the overall market the industry is
kind of currently losing roughly about
12 to 13 rupees for every 100 rupees of
premium that you collect. So which is
why the industry combined ratios are
operating at around 112 112 113%.
uh so when there is so much of
underwriting losses I think from an IC
lumbard standpoint what we have always
tried to do is to obviously accelerate
in segments which we think are preferred
segment at this point of time at the
same time be guarded and cautious and
wait for the cycles to turn around and
obviously seize the opportunity for
growth as we head into the subsequent
quarters and that is how we always
operate as an institution and that's the
reason not just now even at any points
of time generally if you see relative to
the industry combined ratio number that
I spoke spoke about ISIS Lombard's
command ratios have been kind of better
at least about 10 percentage points or
thereabout and to the markets what we
have been largely talking about is to
see how we can continue to deliver a
sustainable return on equity in the
range of 18 to 20%.
>> Okay. All right. Hi sir, good morning.
Good to see you Ben. A couple of quick
questions then. So you're saying that
you'll outgrow the industry and the
combined ratio as well will be far
better. Could you put a number to that?
What kind of industry growth are you
working with? I think in the past you've
said that you'll outbeat industry growth
by 100 to 200 basis points. So do you
hold on to that? Are you looking at any
kind of price increases as well price
tweaking? Give us clarity on both those
two fronts.
>> So again Nigel I think that's a great
question if you ask us. So again let me
just put this in context. uh I think
when we had kind of talked about us
outperforming on growth exactly to the
uh numbers that you indicated which is
about 100 to 200 basis point that's
relative to let's say where the market
is expected to operate at visav that
what we are seeing at this point of time
is obviously elevated levels of
competitive intensity and therefore to
the extent is what I kind of talked
about to be a bit guarded or cautious
and in that context I think we are happy
to kind of let go market share
particularly around these times when the
market remains elevated
Having said that, obviously on the
segments where I think things have been
reasonably good for us in terms of the
pricing regime, I think we have
continued to stay accelerated. Whether
it is growth in our uh retail health
book within the commercial lines,
whether it is a growth in theme segment,
I think that continues to do well within
the motor segment if you were to see our
shift in mix to private car relative to
let's say commercial vehicles. So that's
how we have kind of obviously kind of
moved across business lines depending on
how what environment that we are seeing
in the market. Your second point on
where do we see the price? I think the
good part is again let me kind of pick
each of the segments commercial lines if
you recolct last year at a tough time in
the pricing market environment. This
year clearly if you see the numbers that
is reflected for the overall industry
also uh the pricing seems to have kind
of come back reasonably well though not
fully to our expectations but there has
definitely been a price improvement on
motor. I think uh there has obviously
been from an industry an ask to possibly
seek an increase in third party price.
We will wait and see when that final
notification comes through and we'll be
happy to talk through whenever it
happens. But in general there is
definitely need for price increase in
motor because industry combined ratios
on motor are operating at 124%. on
health I think again we have spoken
about from an ISIS umbart standpoint the
loss ratio range on an annualized basis
which we are comfortable with is between
65 to 70% and at this point of time
looking at how things are playing out
for us we seem to kind of it seems to
suggest that we should be within that
range
>> sir twice thrice you referred to
elevated competition in the industry and
how one needs to be guarded can you
describe a little bit more about what we
are seeing with respect to the
competitive intensity and what's the
extent of market share loss that you've
seeded what's the number
>> yeah so again if you look at it let's
take individual segments let's take
motor we would have lost roughly
about.5% market share we touched almost
close to about 11.1 as we speak we are
at a market share of 10.5%. Uh and this
is not just this time rema I think in
general I think our approach which is
what I talked about when I when I said
the industry combined ratios in motor is
124%. That is lot more money to lose
even relative to let's say the aggregate
what I said industry is losing about 12
to 13 rupees for every 100 rupees of
premium that they collect. So in motor
you are actually ending up losing almost
25 cents to a dollar. So that's a lot of
money to lose and therefore in these
times it is far more important for us to
make sure that we continue to stay
invested in our service/distribution
expansion initiatives. But at least in
so far as growth is concerned at an
aggregate level you will possibly see us
uh underperforming the market. But this
is how the nature of the uh business
works and hence to that extent I think
uh we will obviously be able to kind of
position ourselves far better whenever
the cycle reverses we'll be able to
capture the opportunity of of growth.
>> Are you comfortable losing more market
share? I mean what if the cycle doesn't
reverse? You've already lost 60 basis
points in motor for instance. I mean
what is your plan B or the thinking
behind it?
>> Absolutely. I think this is again I
think I would again kind of put this in
the context of because the informations
are all in the public domain. I think
companies which have tried to be very
aggressive again if you have seen over
the last two three years in specific
clearly you have seen them significantly
getting impacted in terms of their
combined ratio/profitability outcomes
and today if you were to see the growth
numbers of some of those players they
have significantly calibrated growth and
in some of the instances they've
actually kind of degring their book. Uh
so that's exactly what happens in
particularly when you start to see your
combined getting impacted profitability
is getting impacted solveny getting
impacted. So that's exactly the nature
of the business that we are in and uh
over a period of time and and just to
kind of refresh quickly in motor while I
said currently we're at a market share
of 10 and a half%. Postcoid actually our
market share came down to 9 and a half
but since then when we saw an
improvement in pricing we were able to
improve the market share from 9 and a
half to 11%. And today I think again
when the competitive intensity is far
more elevated than what we would have
expected happy to stay guarded and
cautious and wait for the cycles to
reverse.
>> Very quickly sir you said you're going
to be shifting more towards private in
the motor segment. What is it at? What
is the mix currently? Very quickly
>> the mix for private is about 55% two
wheelers is about 27 and the rest is
commercial vehicles.
>> Okay. All right. So you're saying
greater focus on private right. So the
number goes to what? Actually again
again let me just put this in context.
This number is for the current quarter.
>> If the market environment change this
mix can completely underway change.
>> All right uh not out of questions but
out of time. Thanks a lot for joining
in. We look forward to having a chat
with you maybe in the middle before the
next uh quarterly numbers. Thank you.
So, it's time for our